(Episode 14)
Cheers. Go on, and drink.
Who are you?
I am a detective.
My gosh.
That's so annoying. Why are you killing our mood?
I'm sorry to be a killjoy,
but I need to talk to Kim Hak Bum.
- So the party is over for the day. - Hey, mister.
Sing us a song.
If you pass unanimously, we'll end the party then.
- What a great idea. - You're the best.
I can't sing since I'm tone-deaf,
but I'm good at threatening people.
"According to Article 4 and 61 of Narcotic Control Regulation,"
"if you possess or use narcotic drugs,"
"you will serve a maximum of five years in prison..."
"or pay a maximum of 50,000 dollars as a fine."
But this guy is the son of the prosecutor general.
What do you think? Do you think you can give us a pass this once?
- I forgot my wallet today. - My gosh.
- Pay him, and send him home now. - How typical.
- I can pay him. Let me do it. - Sure.
- What is it? - Let's do it.
- Hey, jerk. - What are you doing?
Darn it.
My goodness. Didn't I tell you?
I was warning earlier. Now,
I'm threatening you.
"Prosecutor General Kim Moo Yeol's Son Is a Drug Offender."
If this goes viral tomorrow morning, it'd be fun to watch.
- Let's go. - He's so annoying.
- Okay. - Get out.
Hurry, you jerk!
Bye.
You crazy jerks!
Are you feeling okay now?
You know Kim Byung Gi, right?
The dealer for foreign cars.
There's no way you don't know him.
He's the one who confirmed your alibi.
Hey, get a band in here. I am going to sing now.
Hey! Get the band in here!
- I'm going to sing. - We had a missing person report.
I don't know. I do not know.
Okay. Let's say that you don't know it for now.
Mr. Kim Hak Bum,
where were you on January 24?
Hey.
You jerk. Warrant.
Bring me a warrant!
Mr. Kim.
Let's not do this the hard way.
You can just tell me where he is.
If I go poke my head here and there, it wouldn't be good for you, right?
I went to the gym...
that day.
And I slept at home throughout the day.
I'm going to sing.
Don't bother me.
Only good memories
And a yearning heart
Remain just like this
On the road you took
Hey! Why isn't the band here yet?
Kim Hak Bum. January 24.
Yes, there's a record that he was here.
(Member List, Kim Hak Bum)
But couldn't someone else use his gym card?
It's impossible since it's a fingerprint scan.
- Is that so? - Besides, I saw him myself...
on January 24.
Do you remember dates for every member here?
He wanted me to call a taxi for him.
Mr. Kim is famous for driving high-end cars.
I just found it unusual.
Then can you give me the taxi's plate number...
or the number of the taxi service you called?
(Youngil Transportation)
I'm sorry to interrupt you from working.
So you're a detective?
Yes. Your help would go a long way.
You said January 24, right?
It was around 3pm in front of Culture Fitness.
Yes, I remember. He was a long-distance customer.
(Speculated date of Kim Byung Gi's disappearance)
Our country has a lot of great places too.
After we arrived at the destination,
You're not even on your way here?
What do you want me to do?
He was talking to someone on the phone.
He asked why his friend wasn't on his way and got upset.
Shoot. Darn him!
And then he waited for an hour before getting off my taxi.
I waited in the car with him for an hour.
I remember that because he paid me generously...
for the waiting time...
and the time it took for me to return to Seoul.
Where was your destination?
Hey, did you look into it?
Yes, there was a construction for the bridge on January 23.
- Is that so? - The fissure was quite serious,
so they paved it again with asphalt. Let's go check it out.
Okay. Let's go.
Dong Bae.
What do you think this is?
Isn't that a bloodstain?
- Bring me the luminol. - Okay.
(Luminol glows when applied on blood.)
Dong Bae, what do you think this is?
(Kim Byung Gi Disappearance Case)
(A car dealer, confirmed Kim Hak Bum's alibi)
(Gone missing on January 24, 2018)
Tomorrow is our first trial.
Are you ready?
I'm not sure.
Well...
I'm not sure if that's something I can be ready for.
I am more competent...
than you think.
Here's the thing about the law.
The result changes depending on one's ability...
to use the law to one's advantage instead of the ability...
to get closer to the truth.
I'm sure you know that better than anyone.
What do you mean by that?
Don't people with money forge laws that doesn't even exist?
It's Kang In Ho.
It's him.
He's over there.
- It's Kang In Ho. - It's Kang In Ho.
It's him.
The eldest son of T Group, Mr. K, who is convicted of murder,
will be attending the first trial at the Seoul Central District Court.
Stand back. Please stand back.
Please say something.
He admits having a serious brawl on the day of her disappearance.
But they went to their hideout, the penthouse, as usual,
had sexual intercourse, and parted ways.
It's the same as the evidence suggests.
We got the footage of the accused and the victim...
going inside the penthouse,
which is supposedly where the murder took place.
However, we couldn't find the footage of the victim leaving.
It's a typical locked-room murder case.
The hallways and emergency stairs of that building...
all have no surveillance cameras.
Let me suggest a possible scenario.
If the victim...
went through the hallway and took the emergency stairs...
on the day of the incident...
It's an incorrect assumption.
She could've taken the stairs,
but there are cameras at the entrance of the building.
There's no way she could've gone out without getting caught.
What if she didn't go outside?
What if she went to another flat?
Another flat?
What if another resident from Stellarium Villa...
went to the victim?
I will submit a video footage...
that will back up my claim.
That evidence has not been approved.
We just got it now,
so please understand that we couldn't get the approval earlier.
(The victim gets off at the 4th floor, the penthouse.)
(On the same day, the victim gets on the elevator from the 3rd floor.)
Before the victim and the accused went to the penthouse,
they had a serious brawl.
And then they made love.
Have you never been in love, sir?
Couples fight aggressively, but they make up soon after.
It's not the most common case.
But it's something...
that can happen between two people in love.
Like that the prosecution claimed,
the accused didn't have the motivation...
strong enough to murder the victim...
and to watch her fade away.
Then how about this?
What if she laid with him...
not out of her own will...
but by force?
What is it now?
(1 year ago)
- Mom! - Mom!
Why are you avoiding me?
- I wasn't avoiding you. I was busy. - Right.
I see.
Oh, right.
Did you have a good time with your family...
at Club Med Cancun?
You must have nothing to say.
Mi Jung.
No. It's fine.
You're a good father and a good husband.
That's part of your job.
She's so pretty and adorable.
I completely understand you.
What do you mean?
I'm talking about your daughter.
I've seen your wife at the wedding,
but it's my first time to see your daughter...
in person.
Where are you now?
I am...
where...
your wife and daughter is.
Excuse me.
Hello?
What is it?
Did she tell you...
that she was at the kindergarten?
What are you doing?
Why?
Why did only my baby have to die?
It's unfair!
Please Mi Jung.
Calm down first.
It's not my fault that something went wrong with the baby.
You told me to abort my baby.
The baby...
must've heard your spiteful words!
That's why the baby couldn't go on!
Stop being impossible.
[VIU Ver] E14 Return "I Refuse to Answer"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
(Trial Being Held)
- You treated Mi Jung at the OBGYN? - Yes.
Will you tell us about Mi Jung's condition at that time?
She couldn't get pregnant anymore.
She got her left ovary taken out eight years ago.
Mi Jung was desperate to have a child.
A year and half ago, she miraculously got pregnant.
Was it when she was 22 weeks in?
She started discharging blood and got rushed to the ER.
During the surgery, her right ovary became bad too.
She had been in a brawl, so I called the police.
There were signs of abuse, but she insisted she wasn't abused.
She said she fell down the stairs.
The assailant can't be punished...
if the victim denies the assault charge.
And we can't take the investigation further in that case.
Let's make an assumption.
If the injury was...
indeed from the brawl she had with the accused,
and if she lost her child because of it,
she, who couldn't have another child, would've lost her mind.
And she would've threatened his family.
Wouldn't that have been...
a strong enough motivation to commit murder?
Your Honor, the prosecution's claim is merely an assumption.
There's no evidence to back up his claim.
Is that it?
I am asking...
if In Ho was really involved...
in Mi Jung's miscarriage.
You must've wanted to kill her. Right?
She threatened your daughter's security,
and she threatened to expose your relationship.
She must've pressured you. Right?
I would've wanted to kill her hundred times over. Don't you agree?
You're right.
I wanted to kill her.
That's what you want to hear, isn't it?
She called me all the time.
When I didn't answer her call,
she threatened that she would go to Na Ra.
I truly...
wanted to kill her.
But...
you don't actually kill a person...
because you want to.
Haven't you been...
in a situation...
where you really wanted to kill someone?
It was...
only a thought for me too.
You see, honesty is only useful...
when someone actually believes you.
This means...
we are on a losing side.
I found it. I found it. I found it.
We found it.
An hour after Byung Gi's car passed,
a very familiar-looking taxi passed the same route.
Should I bring in Kim Hak Bum?
Go get him.
Ms. Geum.
Will you get a grip?
Is the case over?
I am sorry.
When you went to the penthouse, you saw a regular phone, right?
Well, yes. I remember seeing it.
First, meet In Ho...
and check if there is a regular phone at the penthouse.
If there is, get a call history.
Okay.
(Young Man Store)
Hello? Excuse me.
Do you need something?
Yes.
This.
I'll take this too.
Actually, I have a question, ma'am.
Do you know someone named Kim Jung Soo...
who used to live in this area a long time ago?
You're the one who came by my house the other day, right?
Please take a seat.
What is this about?
- Dr. Kim Jung Soo. - Yes?
You know Yum Mi Jung, right?
Yum Mi Jung?
Well, I'm not sure. Yum Mi Jung...
I don't know anyone by that name.
I don't remember anyone named that.
Then the wine bar in Cheongdam-dong...
Excuse me.
My gosh, I can't ever take a breather, you know?
My goodness.
I'm sorry, but this is an urgent call.
I'm sorry that I couldn't be of any help again today.
- Please excuse me. - Sure.
Goodbye.
This is a locked-room murder case.
The defendant and the victim entered...
the penthouse at the same time.
And within an hour,
the defendant came out of the penthouse alone.
You may continue.
Then at that time, the victim must have been there alone...
if she wasn't already dead.
Please check the call record I have submitted as evidence.
This is the list of calls made through the landline...
installed in the penthouse.
On the day of the incident,
there's a record that a call was made at 1:59am.
Surprisingly, it was made 30 minutes later than the time...
the defendant was seen in the surveillance cameras...
of the penthouse entrance and elevator.
It must mean that the victim was alive by that time.
Then...
whom did she call?
He's the witness in the next trial...
and the prime suspect of this case.
I would like to request...
Mr. Kim Jung Soo, the neurosurgeon of Daemyung Hospital, as a witness.
(January, 2018)
(February 5, 2018, Court Day)
Swear in the witness.
"I solemnly swear..."
"that I'll tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth."
"If I commit perjury, I swear that I will face the punishment."
"Witness, Kim Jung Soo".
Counsel, you may question the witness.
Thank you, Your Honor.
(Witness)
Do you know the victim, Yum Mi Jung?
Yes, I do.
When my colleague visited you,
you claimed you didn't know her. Am I correct?
At that time, I didn't know her.
It was only two weeks ago. You didn't know her then,
but you claim you know her now.
Could you please elaborate?
I was a regular customer...
at a wine bar Yum Mi Jung ran.
She went by Rachel at the bar.
Only recently, I found out that her real name...
is Yum Mi Jung.
On the day the victim was murdered,
which was the 27th,
where were you?
I was at home.
Again, your answer seems to have changed.
I was mistaken.
A few weeks ago, someone paid me a visit.
She asked me about the 27th, more specifically, the dawn of the 28th.
That day, I was on a night shift.
My colleague asked me to switch our shift.
I reckon that must be why I made such mistake.
I found it strange to see her continuing to visit me,
so I looked into what happened.
Then I found out such a horrendous act had been done to Rachel.
Around that time, I went to the wine bar...
to mourn for her death.
I couldn't go inside because I was deeply sad.
You were the last person to have talked with her.
Yes, I was made aware of that.
Did you meet the victim that day?
No.
I finished the call after listening to her for 20 minutes.
(Speculated day of Yum Mi Jung's death)
To be honest, her call was quite bothersome.
When she called, I was exhausted.
On top of that, I had 2 or 3 glasses of wine.
It was a bother.
Can you tell us about what you talked about on the phone?
It was nothing special.
She had a fight with her lover.
They made up soon after.
To tell you the truth, I only listened to her as she vented.
I don't remember what we talked about. That's how much...
I was neither motivated nor willing to listen to the conversation.
So that breaks my heart.
Let me change the subject.
You work at Daemyung Hospital, correct?
Yes.
The hospital hired you as a special program for the recipient...
of Daemyung Scholarship Foundation.
That's not relevant to the case, Your Honor.
It is relevant, Your Honor.
This may provide a motive for the murder.
You may continue.
- Am I correct? - Yes.
Tell us the requirements to win the scholarship from the hospital.
A candidate must enter 1 of top 10 universities in Seoul,
have top two percent academic records,
and be either freshman or sophomore.
Since the recipient will be hired...
by the hospital,
the hospital went through a thorough screening of the candidates.
Could you explain about yourself...
when you received the scholarship?
I was in my fourth year of medical school.
I was attending a university outside of Seoul.
When I looked into it, your grades were in upper-middle percentile.
According to his acquaintances,
due to financial reasons,
he repeatedly took semesters off.
Is that correct?
Yes.
How did you win the scholarship if you weren't qualified?
I refuse to answer.
- Then should I answer it? - No.
You have a sister, don't you?
Stop it.
- 10 years ago, your sister... - Darn it.
- What is that behavior? - What do you think you're doing?
- Shut your mouth. - What's happening?
Let go. Let go of me!
10 years ago, do you remember the case...
where your sister...
was raped by a Mr. K of a school foundation...
and a Mr. S of a major hospital,
which name is a household name?
Shut your mouth. I told you to stop. Stop it!
Hey, stop it. Stop!
(Return)
What if Kim Jung Soo is the real killer?
That means he knows everything we had done.
Is that why you killed her?
If I were to kill someone, it'd have been Kim Hak Bum or Seo Joon Hee.
Joon, we're here.
Joon, we are friends.
Is it not going your way?
Why did you hide something like that?
Why did you do it?
Because of her big mouth, my sister has become a crazy woman.
Even if the real killer of your case is related to this?
That's why you should start looking for it now.